Rewrite What is Gradle in a consistent docs voice (#22277)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/migrating_from_maven.adoc

== General guidelines

Gradle and Maven have fundamentally different views on how to build a project.

> Gradle provides a flexible and extensible build model that delegates the actual work to a graph of task dependencies.

Reviewer: I wonder if "task dependencies" is clear enough here?  Would a new user coming from Maven understand this?

Author: ```suggestion
Gradle provides a flexible and extensible build model that delegates the actual work to the execution of a graph of tasks.
```
